Round 2 Bugfixes (#14208)
Aurorastation/Aurora.3: config/example/tips.txt

As a Physician, you can surgically implant or extract things from people's chests. This can range from putting in a bomb to pulling out an alien larva.
As a Physician, remember to target the correct limb and be on help intent when trying to perform surgery on someone.
As a Chemist, there are dozens of chemicals that can heal, and even more that can cause harm. Experiment!
As the Chemist, your job is to tinker more generally with the secrets of chemical concoctions.
As the Research Director, you can take AIs out of their cores by loading them into an intelliCard. Be it to save it, stop it or maybe load it into another core.
As the Research Director, you can lock down cyborgs instead of blowing them up. Then you can have their laws reset or if that doesn't work, safely dismantled.
As a Xenobiologist, you can maximize the number of uses you get out of a slime by feeding it slime steroid, created from purple slimes, while alive. You can then apply extract enhancer, created from cerulean slimes, on each extract.
As a Scientist, researchable machine parts can seriously improve the efficiency and speed of machines around the ship. In some cases, it can even unlock new functions.

> As a Scientist, the teleporter in Telescience can be set-up to teleport across the whole sship! All you need to do is crack the formula, but be careful to not teleport into space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a Scientist, the teleporter in Telescience can be set-up to teleport across the whole ship! All you need to do is crack the formula, but be careful to not teleport into space.
```

As an Engineer, you can lock emitters using your ID card to prevent others from disabling them.
As an Atmospheric Technician, you can't unwrench a pipe if the pressure within is too high, unless you use a pipewrench.
As the Head of Security, you are expected to coordinate your security force to handle any threat that comes to the ship. Sometimes it means making use of the armory to handle a blob, sometimes it means being ruthless during a revolution or cult.
As the Head of Security, don't let the power go to your head. You may have high access, great equipment, and a miniature army at your side, but being a terrible person without a good reason is grounds for a bwoink.
As the Warden, your duty is to be the watchdog of the brig and handler of prisoners when little is happening, and to hand out equipment and weapons to the security officers when a crisis strikes.
As the Warden, keep a close eye on the armory at all times, as it is a favored strike point of mercenaries and cocky traitors.
As the Warden, if a prisoner's crimes are heinous enough you can put them in permabrig. Make sure to check on them once in a while!

> As the Warden, you can suggest to implant criminals you suspect might re-offend with devices that will track their location and allow you to remotely inject them with disabling chemicals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the Warden, you can suggest implanting criminals you suspect might re-offend with devices that will track their location and allow you to remotely inject them with disabling chemicals.
```

As a Cyborg, you are immune to most forms of stunning, and excel at almost everything far better than humans. However, flashes can easily make you blind and you cannot do any precision work as you lack hands.
As a Cyborg, you are almost impervious to fires and heat. If you are rogue, you can release phoron fires everywhere and walk through them without a care in the world, if you can handle the bwoink afterwards.
As a Cyborg, you are extremely vulnerable to EMPs as EMPs both stun you and damage you. Ion rifles or a traitor with an EMP kit can kill you in seconds.
As the Chief Engineer, you can rename areas or create entirely new ones using your ship blueprints.
As the Research Director, you can spy on and even forge PDA communications with the message monitor console! The key is in your office.
As an Engineer, the supermatter crystal is an extremely dangerous piece of equipment: touching it will disintegrate you.
As an Engineer, you can electrify grilles by placing wire "nodes" beneath them: the big seemingly unconnected bulges from a half completed wiring job.
As an Engineer, you can lock emitters using your ID card to prevent others from disabling them.

> As an Atmospheric Technician, you can't unwrench a pipe if the pressure within is too high.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As an Atmospheric Technician, you can't unwrench a pipe if the pressure within is too high, unless you use a pipewrench.
```

As the Warden, keep a close eye on the armory at all times, as it is a favored strike point of mercenaries and cocky traitors.
As the Warden, if a prisoner's crimes are heinous enough you can put them in permabrig. Make sure to check on them once in a while!
As the Warden, you can suggest to implant criminals you suspect might re-offend with devices that will track their location and allow you to remotely inject them with disabling chemicals.
As the Warden, you can use handcuffs on orange prisoner shoes to turn them into cuffed shoes, forcing prisoners to walk and potentially thwarting an escape.
As a Security Officer, communicate and coordinate with your fellow officers using the security channel (:s) to avoid confusion.
As a Security Officer, your sechuds or HUDsunglasses can not only see crewmates' job assignments and criminal status, but also if they have a mindshield implant. Use this to your advantage in a revolution to definitively tell who is on your side!
As a Security Officer, examining someone while wearing sechuds or HUDsunglasses will let you set their arrest level.

> As the Forensic Technician, you can dust almost any surface for prints. People leave fingerprints on everywhere they touch unless they are wearing gloves. However, as gloves leave fibres specific to their type, such as black or nitrile, it is possible to guess what general department they come from.

Reviewer 2: Might want to check for any references to forensic technician and detective and replace them with Investigator

Author: This is the only mention of FT. Detective was suprisingly not mentioned at all

As a Botanist, you can mutate the plants growing in your hydroponics trays with unstable mutagen or, as an alternative, crude radioactives from chemistry to get special variations.
As a Botanist, you should look into increasing the potency of your plants. This increases the size, amount of chemicals, points gained from grinding them in the biogenerator, and lets people know you are a proficient botanist.
As a Cook, any food you make will be much healthier than the junk food found in vendors. The crew will thank you for eating healthier, eventually.
As the Bartender, the drinks you start with only give you the basics. If you want more advanced mixtures, look into working with chemistry, hydroponics, or even mining for things to grind up and throw in!
As the Bartender, you can use a circular saw on your shotgun to make it easier to store.
As a Janitor, if someone steals your janicart, you can instead use your space cleaner spray, grenades, water sprayer or order another from Cargo.
As a Janitor, mousetraps can be used to create bombs or booby-trap containers.
As the Librarian, be sure to keep the shelves stocked and the library clean for the crew.

> As a Hangar Technician, you can hack MULEbots to make them faster, run over people in their way, and even let you ride them!

Reviewer 2: We don't even like have MULEbots anymore, even on Aurora we didn't, I'm pretty sure. Can just delete this.

Author: There were some on the Aurora. I wasn't sure. But I will fix.

As a Cultist, you can create an army of manifested goons using a combination of the Manifest rune, which creates homunculi from ghosts, and the Blood Drain rune, which drains life from anyone standing on any blood drain rune.
As a Ghost, you can double click on people, bots, or the singularity to follow them.
Occasionally the tip of the round might lie to you. Don't panic, this is normal.

> To defeat your enemy, shoot at them until they die and go horizontal.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To defeat your enemy, click on them until they go horizontal.
```

Sometimes you won't be able to avoid dying no matter how good you are at the game. it's part of the game, so try not to stress too much about it.
When a round ends nearly everything about it is lost forever, leave your salt behind with it.
Killing the entire ship isn't fun except when it is.
You can win a pulse rifle from the arcade machine. Honest.
Just like real life the entropy of the game can only increase with time. If things aren't on fire yet, just wait.

> Completingthe objectives you set yourself is good practice, but the best antagonists will strive to do more than the bare minimum to really leave an impression.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Setting your own objectives and working to complete them is good practice, but the best antagonists will strive to do more than the bare minimum to really leave an impression.
```

The more obscure and underused a game mechanic is, the less likely your victims are to be able to deal with it.
Cleanbot.
Some antagonists are supposed to be extremely strong in one on one combat, stop getting mad about it.
Sometimes a round will just be a bust. C'est la vie.
This is a game that is constantly being developed for. Expect things to be added, removed, fixed, and broken on a daily basis.
It's fun to try and predict the round type from the tip of the round message.
The Quartermaster has finally become a Head of Staff. He only needed to be renamed. It can be that easy, kids.
Your sprite represents your hitbox, so that floor length braid makes you easier to kill. The sacrifices we make for snowflake points.
Spacemen can't move diagonally but most animals can. Blame the slow decline of the numpad.
Sometimes admins will just do stuff. Roll with it.

> The remake will maybe even come out.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The remake might come out.
```
